# Step 1: Running the DaaS Script

## Description
Parallels DaaS provides integration with the customer’s Azure subscription. There are prerequisites that need to be in place in Azure prior to configuring this integration. This script automates the configuration of the prerequisites. During the execution you need to select:
|                                     | Action           | Recommendation                                              |
|-------------------------------------|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| Tenant ID                           | Select from list | -                                                           |
| Subscription ID                     | Select from list | -                                                           |
| Location (Azure region)             | Select from list | westeurope                                                  |
| Azure App registration name         | Type             | Parallels-DaaS                                              |
| Infrastructure resource group name  | Type             | Parallels-DaaS-Infra                                        |
| Virtual machine resource group name | Type             | Parallels-DaaS-VMs                                          |
| Azure Key Vault name                | Type             | Parallels-DaaS-[Orgname] (this needs to be globally unique) |

The script will output the information for the Azure Subscription wizard in Parallels DaaS portal.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The script requires PowerShell 7.3 or higher and does not support ARM Based operating systems.

## Permission
The script requires Entra ID (Azure AD) Global admin permissions as well as Owner permissions in Azure. Upon launching the scripts, you will be asked to logon to both services.

## Using the script
1. Upon launching the PowerShell script, parameters will be collected at runtime. You do not need to pass any command line parameters to the script itself.
2. The script checks which Azure Tenants you have access to; select the Azure Tenant you want to use.
3. The script checks which Azure Subscriptions you have access to; select the Azure Subscription you want to use.
4. The script checks towards which regions you can deploy the resources to. Select the location you want to use.
5. Provide the name of the App registration you want to create.
6. Provide the name of the resource group to create. Inside this resource group, all Infrastructure related resources will be created.
7. Provide the name of the resource group to create. Inside this resource group, all VM related resources will be created.
8. Provide the name of the Azure Key Vault to create. The App Registration secret will be safely stored in this Azure Key Vault. This name needs to be unique in Azure globally!
9. Upon completion, all prerequisites are in place and the script outputs the parameters to easily provide those in the Azure Subscription wizard on the Parallels DaaS portal.

## Next Step
>You can now complete Azure Subscription wizard in Parallels DaaS portal
[Go to Step 2: Completing the Azure Subscription wizard](./2.completewizard.md)

## License
The scripts are MIT-licensed, so you are free to use it in your commercial setting.
